Gateway skip verify in Application CR (#12257)
kyma-project/kyma: components/compass-runtime-agent/README.md

- **APP_CLUSTER_CERTIFICATES_SECRET** specifies the Namespace and the Name of the Secret in which to store the client certificate and the key.
- **APP_CA_CERTIFICATES_SECRET** specifies the Namespace and the Name of the Secret in which to store the CA certificate.
- **APP_SKIP_COMPASS_TLS_VERIFY** specifies whether to communicate with the Connector Service and the Director with disabled TLS verification.

> - **APP_SKIP_APPS_TLS_VERIFY** specifies whether applications synchronized from Compass will be setup to communicate with external systems with disabled TLS verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_SKIP_APPS_TLS_VERIFY** specifies whether applications synchronized from Compass will be set up to communicate with external systems with disabled TLS verification.
```
- `setup` is a noun, the verb is `set up`. 
- By `application` we DON'T mean the representation of the external system here, right?
